So let's dive into the first step which is the idea which we need now as I mentioned often this is a
step you can skip or which is skipped automatically because you already have a pretty clear idea of
what you want to build and which problem you want to solve in this course.
I want to build an app with you where users can share places their favorite places or any places they
feel like are where if sharing where each place has a magical location and the title ends on with our
users so they can share it with our users or put in other words if you're a user a visitor in this application
you can view a list of users you can click on a user and then you will see the places this user shared.
The great thing about this app is that it's not too complex and yet it has all the important pieces.
You want to have in such a demo app which you will probably also need in the apps you are trying to
build after this course.
Specifically we have all the core CRUD operations in there so create read updating and deleting will
cover all of that.
We'll be able to create users create places get users and get places which is basically reading the
data update places and delete places.
So that's all in there which is super important.
In addition we have more than one data model.
We have users in places and that helps us work with relationships as well.
We all do work with images and hence will cover image upload which is also a very important topic.
And of course we'll also validate user input to make sure that only valid data ends up in our database
and on our back and in general.
And last but not least we'll have authentication and authorization in this course.
The difference is that authentication means stead users need to sign up or log in to work with some
parts of our app.
In this example new places should only be treatable by locked in users and offer ization means that
even if you are a logged in user you're still not able to do everything for example and is app updating
or deleting places should not be possible for all authenticated users but only for the users who created
that place.
So we got a lot of core important things in this app which is why this makes for a great demo application
for discourse and which is why this is my idea for the course project.